Feature/3642 remove references of js templates (#144)
brightlayer-ui/brightlayer-ui-cli: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## v2.3.0 (Unreleased)

Reviewer: We probably should do this as a major version (3.0.0) since we are removing functionality

### Removed

> -   Removed language selection question from React and React native.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Removed language option from React and React native.
```
